README.md, before:

# Tukxel++
Tukxel++ is a port of Tukxel, A Voxel-like Game Engine that focuses on customizability & speed, to C++. Tukxel++ uses a Stripped down version of [Glitter](http://polytonic.github.io/Glitter/), a dead-simple boilerplate for OpenGL intended to make the development of OpenGL applications much easier.

We also have a [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/vAcbPDD).

## Planned Features(as of 8th of August 2020):
### Cube
The engine primarily works with cubes but supports external models.
### Module API
This is the main feature of Tukxel, Modules. They can be coded in C#(using [DllExport](github.com/3F/DllExport)) or C++ & are very feature-rich.
Some sub-features of Modules are:
* Add and Replace Blocks & Entities
* Use custom Models and Textures
* Listen for & Execute at 'Game Events'
* Communicate with other Modules
* Specify other Server Protocols
* Module Packs
### Smaller Features
* Virtual Surround & Multi Speaker Configurations support
* Small & Easy to Share World Files
* Multiplayer
* Customizable Shaders

## Getting Started
Tukxel++ has a single dependency: [cmake](http://www.cmake.org/download/), which is used to generate platform-specific makefiles or project files. Start by cloning this repository, making sure to pass the `--recursive` flag to grab all the dependencies. If you forgot, then you can do `git submodule update --init` instead.

```bash
git clone --recursive https://github.com/DEV0002/TukxelPP
cd TukxelPP
cd Build
```

Now generate a project file or makefile for your platform. If you want to use a particular IDE, make sure it is installed; don't forget to set the Start-Up Project in Visual Studio or the Target in Xcode.

```bash
# UNIX Makefile
cmake ..

# Mac OSX
cmake -G "Xcode" ..

# Microsoft Windows
cmake -G "Visual Studio 16" ..
cmake -G "Visual Studio 16 Win64" ..
...
```

First compile will take a longer than subsequent compiles.

Commit message:

.clang-format, exe & Window Icons, Updated Shaders, Updated README & Added a custom Array class

README.md, after:

# Tukxel++

Tukxel++ is a port of Tukxel, A Voxel-like Game Engine that focuses on customizability & speed, to C++.

We also have a [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/vAcbPDD).

## Planned Features(as of 8th of August 2020)

### Voxel

This engine works with voxels, which are mainly cubes, but can be replaced with external models.

### Module API

This is the main feature of Tukxel, They can be coded in C#(using [DllExport](github.com/3F/DllExport)) or C++ & are very feature-rich.
The some of the capabilities of Modules are:

* The ability to add custom/replace existing Blocks & Entities
* Use custom Models and Textures
* Listen for & Execute at 'Game Events'
* Communicate with other Modules
* Specify additional Protocols for inter-client communication
* Module Packs

### Smaller Features

* Virtual Surround & Multi Speaker Configurations support
* Small & Easy to Share World Files
* Multiplayer
* Customizable Shaders

## Getting Started

Tukxel++ has a single dependency: [cmake](http://www.cmake.org/download/), which is used to generate platform-specific makefiles or project files. Start by cloning this repository,

```bash
git clone https://github.com/DEV0002/TukxelPP
cd TukxelPP
cd build
```

Then generate a project file or makefile for your platform. If you want to use a particular IDE, make sure it is installed; don't forget to set the Start-Up Project in Visual Studio or the Target in Xcode.

```bash
# UNIX Makefile
cmake ..

# Mac OSX
cmake -G "Xcode" ..

# Microsoft Windows
cmake -G "Visual Studio 16" ..
cmake -G "Visual Studio 16 Win64" ..
...
```

If you compile and run, you should now have a upto date copy of Tukxel. 
Disclaimer: First compile will take a longer than subsequent compiles.
